feat(python): Migration guide for 2.x (#9248)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/migration/raven-to-sentry-sdk.mdx

---

> title: Migrate from raven

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Migrate from Raven
```

> title: Migrating from raven to Sentry SDK

Reviewer 2: I would remove the "from" to have a title that fits in the sidebar.

Author: Changed this to "Migrate from raven"

sidebar_order: 8999
description: "Learn about migrating from raven to sentry-python"
---

> If you want to move from `raven-python` to the `sentry-python` SDK we provided a short guide here of the most common patterns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide describes the common patterns involved in migrating from `raven-python` to the `sentry-python` SDK.
```

> If you want to move from sentry-raven to the new sentry-python SDK we provided a short guide here of the most common patterns:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you want to move from sentry-raven to the sentry-python SDK we provided a short guide here of the most common patterns:
```
The Sentry Python SDK is not so new anymore :)

> ## Installation

Reviewer: Can you also edit the following headings to be title case?
